Here's what we've learned in this lesson: Cloud migration, AWS Lambda,
serverless costs, API gateway, DynamoDB, and containers.
In the next lesson,
we will focus on infrastructure as code,
creating infrastructure from both the command line,
from a file, and from a module.
We'll look at the why of infrastructure as code.
Why did it come about, and why do we need it?
We'll dive into the benefits of infrastructure as code,
as well as the drawbacks.
Finally, we will explore creating reusable infrastructure.
I hope you've enjoyed learning about Serverless.
Let's meet over in our final lesson, infrastructure as code.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6